feat: adding authorization header to web-post (#371)
daniel-hauser/moneyman: README.md

Use the following env vars to setup:

| env variable name               | description                                          |
|---------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| `WEB_POST_URL`                  | The URL to post to                                   |

> | `WEB_POST_AUTHORIZATION_TOKEN`  | Authorization header value like this: `Bearer *****` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `WEB_POST_AUTHORIZATION_TOKEN`  | The Authorization header value (i.e. `Bearer *****`, but can use any schema) |
```
